**C & E Wing, Kendriya Sadan, 17th Main Road, Koramangala, BENGALURU URBAN, KARNATAKA, 560034**  
Email Office: bangalore-dgft@nic.in, Phone Office: 080-25537215 

1. Any person/party aggrieved by this order may, under Section 15 of the Foreign Trade (Development & Regulation) Act, 1992, file an appeal against the same to the appropriate authority, the Additional Director General of Foreign Trade, Chennai. The appeal shall be filed within 45 days from the date of receipt of this Adjudication Order and shall bear the requisite Court fee stamp as per the Court stamp fee Act. The appeal must be accompanied by a copy of this order in original with all the documents of evidence in the form of Annexure to the appeal relied upon in support of the appeal under intimation to this office.
2. Any person/party desirous of filing an appeal against this order shall deposit the penalty amount along with the appeal to the Appellate Authority, failing which the appeal is liable to be rejected.

As per Section 11 (2) of the Foreign Trade (D & R) Act 1992 as amended, where any person makes or abets or attempts to make any export or import in contravention of any provision of this Act or any rules or orders made thereunder or the Foreign Trade Policy, he shall be liable to a penalty of not less than ten thousand rupees and not more than five times the value of the goods or services or technology in respect of which any contravention is made or attempted to be made, whichever is more.

Hence, vide this office Show Cause Notice dated 28.11.2024, the firm was called upon to Show-Cause as to why the firm should not be penalized under Chapter IV Sec 11 (2) of the Foreign Trade (D & R) Act, 1992. The firm was provided an opportunity to submit a response to the Show Cause Notice along with corroborative evidence in support of their contention. In accordance with the principles of natural justice, an opportunity for a personal hearing through video conference was provided to the firm.

## To  
M/s. AMC COOKWARE (INDIA) PRIVATE LIMITED  
Survey No. 150/14, Team D Industrial Park, Shanumangala, Bidadi, Hobli, Adjacent to Bosch Industry,  
Ramanagara, BANGALORE, RAMANAGARA, KARNATAKA-562109  
(Email: Karamada.Rajashekar@amc.info; Ph: 91 93436 89042)