When the truck bearing no. WB-71-9745 was found taking turn towards Ethelbari  
after crossing Birpara Chowpathy, the team of the DRI officers intercepted it and signaled  
the driver to stop it, to which the driver complied. When enquired, the driver of the said  
truck (WB-71-9745), named Shri Shimantha Roy, S/o Late Bijalkumar Nath Roy, Village  
Balinagar, PO-Bambala, PS-Falakata, Distt-Alipurduar, WB-735216, stated that 300 bags  
of "Lhaki" brand Bhutan origin cement were loaded from Lhaki Cement factory in Gomtu  
Bhutan and the said consignment of cement was owned by Shri Mayur Sethi, Proprietor of  
M/s Sethi Cement House, Birpara. He further added that he was transporting the above  
consignment of cement to Samtse, Bhutan. However, on repeated questioning by the DRI  
officers, he ultimately confessed that the actual place for unloading of the consignment of  
Bhutan origin cement would be the godown of Shri Mayur Sethi situated in Ethelbari,  
Distt-Jalpaiguri. He further confessed that Bhutan origin cements used to be transported  
from Gomtu, Bhutan and unloaded at said godown of Shri Mayur Sethi under cover of  
forged and fabricated Bhutan-to-Bhutan transit cargo declaration.  
6. The truck bearing registration no. WB-76B-1727 was found parked along highway  
near Birpara Chowpathy without presence of its driver inside the truck. On being asked  
about aforesaid truck, loaded goods, driver's identity, destination etc., Shri Shimantha Roy  
stated that the said truck was also transporting Bhutan origin cement from Gomtu, Bhutan  
to godown of Shri Mayur Sethi under cover of forged and fabricated Bhutan-to-Bhutan  
transit cargo declarations and also that Shri Mangal Roy, having mobile number:  
9972506462, was driving the said truck (WB-76B-1727). On being requested by DRI  
officers, Shri Shimantha Roy called several times of the above mobile number of Shri Mangal  
Roy, but did not respond to calls. Inside driver's cabin of aforesaid truck (WB-76B-1727), a  
copy of driving license of Shri Mangal Roy, was recovered along with Registration  
Certificate of said truck and Delivery Challan/Invoice dated 21.08.2024, Bhutan Export  
Revenue Declaration, Gate Pass, Weighment certificate, etc. pertaining to consignment of cement  
being transported in truck; thus inferring that Shri Mangal Roy had fled from the spot  
leaving the truck (WB-76B-1727) loaded with Bhutan origin cement along roadside near  
Birpara Chowpathy, Birpara.